LoopiaAPI for iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch
===
This is an entry for Loopia's LoopiaAPI competition.

This application is free, open source and by no means quality ensured. Use at your own risk. 

In order to build and install you will need an Apple iPhone developer licence.

If you don't have one, email me at voxxar@gmail.com and I'll send you a binary and provision file

Usage
===
The first thing you need is a LoopiaAPI account connected to you'r ordinary Loopia account.

Create LoopiaAPI account
---
1. Log in to loopia.se
2. Go to Kontoinställningar -> LoopiaAPI
3. Add an account
4. Click the new user in the list of accounts
5. Check all the boxes for the functions you would like to use from the application
  - At least check the boxes 'getDomains', 'getSubdomains' and 'getZoneRecords' to get the basic functionality. This will grant permissions to view domains and subdomains but not edit them.
6. Save

Accounts
---
This is where you manage your accounts

You can add several accounts to the application

* Log in to an account by touching it.
* Touch the plus icon at the bottom to add an account.
* Edit an account by touching the blue circular button.
* Swipe a cell or touch the 'Edit' button to remove an account.

Domains
---
Shows you a sorted list of your domains under the Loopia account connected to the LoopiaAPI account.

* Touch a domain name to view additional information.

Domain
---
Manage a domain

* Touch 'Pay xxx Kr', if enabled, to pay an invoice using Loopia Pre Paid Credits.
* Touch a subdomain to view its DNS records
* Swipe a cell or touch the 'Edit'-button to remove subdomains
* Touch the plus icon to add a subdomain

Subdomain
---
View DNS entries for a subdomain

* Touch a DNS entry to edit it
* Swipe a cell or touch the 'Edit'-button to remove DNS entries
* Touch the plus icon to add a DNS entry

Acknowledgements
===
XMLRPC lib from WordPress iPhone app [http://iphone.wordpress.org/development/]()
MBProgressHUD [http://github.com/matej/MBProgressHUD]()